Add aws retry attempts (#19)
XanaduAI/cloud-actions: push-to-s3-and-invalidate-cloudfront/README.md

Following examples describe how to use the action.

## Uploading to S3 based on user input

> This example will **upload** the specified folder (`build-directory`) to a folder named `blog` on the S3 bucket(`myS3Bucket`). The action will not exclude any files while uploading them. The action will also invalidate the cloudfront cache. The action will attempt a max of `5` (based on user input) retries for any AWS operations before erroring out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will **upload** the specified folder (`build-directory`) to a folder named `blog` on the S3 bucket(`myS3Bucket`). The action will not exclude any files while uploading them. The action will also invalidate the cloudfront cache. The action will attempt a max of `5` (based on `aws-retry-attempts` value) retries for any AWS operations before erroring out.
```

    s3-dir-to-upload-to: "blog"
    s3-files-to-exclude: ""
    invalidate-cloudfront-cache: "true"
    aws-retry-attempts: 5
```

## Deleting from S3 based on user input

> This example will **delete** the specified folder (`build-directory`) from the S3 bucket(`myS3Bucket`). The action will also invalidate the cloudfront cache. The action will attempt a max of `5` (based on user input) retries for any AWS operations before erroring out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will **delete** the specified folder (`build-directory`) from the S3 bucket(`myS3Bucket`). The action will also invalidate the cloudfront cache.  The action will attempt a max of `5` (based on `aws-retry-attempts` value) retries for any AWS operations before erroring out.

```
